Meeting notes 3/13

Team number: 015-3
Team name: 
Team Members: Andrew Fox, Daniel Park, Michael Wallace, Leon Vayedjian, Billy Daves, Tucker Banks

Name
Andrew Fox
Leon Vayedjian
Billy
Daves
Michael Wallace
Tucker Banks
Daniel Park
Liam Ford
Github 
apfox500
leva5149
wida4809
mjwallace41
TuBanks
dapa9788
liamford1
Discord 
apfox500
ledjian
.heaven
fatmike0927
tropguyz
fishieboi1
liam7ford11
Email
anfo5924@colorado.edu
leva5149@colorado.edu
wida4809@colorado.edu
miwa9283@colorado.edu
tuba6925@colorado.edu
dapa9788@colorado.edu
lifo1715@colorado.edu


Application name: ConCave
Application Description: 
Convention website features:
Pages for merch store(ebay/etsy style?)
convention logistics (TODO: Find an api) with reviews? Maybe add a filter?
Discussion forum(polls, posts, theories)
chat to contact people to go with,  carpool / rooming?(group finder)
Registration/Login  and Statuses?(how much have they interacted with the community, akin to facebook/twitter verified) Maybe a trusted user, ranks, or a points/miles system?
Daniel
Cosplay page - people post their costumes for conventions w/ ranking, comments
Pictures of the convention

Audience: People who want to find conventions and other convention-minded people.

Vision Statement: For convention attendees, who want to find information, people to go with, or discuss everything conventions. ConCave is a website that lets users share their experiences and let the world know how amazing conventions can be. Unlike FanCons.com, our product is more focused on the people going to the conventions rather than the logistics. We provide group finders to know who to go with, a forum to post photos, review the convention you went to, or comment on others’ posts, and a status system to showcase your convention attending dominance. 

Version Control: https://github.com/apfox500/ConCave 
Development Methodology: We will use github projects to keep track of everything.
Communication Plan: Use discord and github for communication.
Meeting Plan: https://www.when2meet.com/?29547514-gY6iQ 
	Going forward we will meet: Fri @ 2
	TA meeting: 1:30-1:45 Monday, March 17
Use Case Diagram: Assigned to daniel - finish by tues
Login
Profile page
Forum/comments
DMs
Group finder system
Cosplay ranking page
List of conventions
Wireframes: Assigned to Michael - finish by tues

Billy and Liam will be in charge of ensuring uniform theme and style across website UI
Leon will make an ER diagram for us

—- side notes—-
Breakdown of project:
Make database schema
Everyone is in charge of one feature
